Update input_number.markdown (#26472)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/input_number.markdown

### Restore State

> If you set a valid value for `initial` this integration will start with state set to that value. Otherwise, it will restore the state it had prior to Home Assistant stopping. Note that this is only available if you added input number via `configuration.yaml`.

Reviewer: With packaging and such being more popular, let's avoid specifying the exact file.

```suggestion
If you set a valid value for `initial` this integration will start with the state set to that value. Otherwise, it will restore the state it had prior to Home Assistant stopping. Please note that `initial` is only available in a YAML configuration and not via the Home Assistant user interface.
```
